 1. List the access method on Memory?

Each memory type, is a collection of numerous memory locations. To access data from any memory, first it must be located and then the data is read from the memory location. Following are the methods to access information from memory locations:
 
1:Sequential Access: This methods allows memory access in a sequence or in order.
2:Random Access: Main memories are random access memories, in which each memory location has a unique address. Using this unique address any memory location can be reached in the same amount of time in any order.
3:Direct Access: In this mode, information is stored in tracks, with each track having a separate read/write head.

---------


2.Write notes about “Word” on Memory?
In computing, a word is the natural unit of data used by a particular processor design. A word is a fixed-sized piece of data handled as a unit by the instruction set or the hardware of the processor. The number of bits in a word (the word size, word width, or word length) is an important characteristic of any specific processor design or computer architecture.
 
---------

The size of a word is reflected in many aspects of a computer's structure and operation; the majority of the registers in a processor are usually word sized and the largest piece of data that can be transferred to and from the working memory in a single operation is a word in many (not all) architectures. The largest possible address size, used to designate a location in memory, is typically a hardware word (here, "hardware word" means the full-sized natural word of the processor, as opposed to any other definition used).
  

---------

 3. Write notes about Memory hierarchy?
  The memory in a computer can be divided into five hierarchies based on the speed as well as use. The processor can move from one level to another based on its requirements. The five hierarchies in the memory are registers, cache, main memory, magnetic discs, and magnetic tapes. The first three hierarchies are volatile memories which mean when there is no power, and then automatically they lose their stored data. Whereas the last two hierarchies are not volatile which means they store the data permanently.
A memory element is the set of storage devices which stores the binary data in the type of bits. In general, the storage of memory can be classified into two categories such as volatile as well as non- volatile.



